Who did you show this innocent look to?
I'll tell you what.
Here's me and 20 homes now.
Get out of here
Hello Mr. Lu
Miss Xia, why are you at Yujiangting?
You met Xia Yan?
What are you doing in Yujiangting?
It's not me, it's Taiping.
It's Miss Jiang
I met him in the street
He asked me to send him back to Yujiangting
Why is Miss Xia here?
I'll be right there.
I am not divorced from Modesty
This is my lover leaving
Jiangnan
Why didn't I notice you were so thick-skinned before?
You and Shih are divorced
What are you still pestering him for?
Why can't you get along outside?
So do you want to come back shamelessly?
You are talking nonsense.
Will I not know if I am divorced?
Still want to deny it, right?
Divorce certificate counts
What else do you have to say?
Get out of here
Other mixed things open your mouth
Chi, your ex-wife is too shameless.
I divorced you and still pester you
You hurry up and get rid of him I don't want to see him
Is this where you came from?
Xiaolian
Don't be angry. I'll handle this.
Let's go
I got divorced because
Does it hurt?
Did I do something wrong by entering the country late?
Pardon me?
Then why don't you want me?
Who gave you the courage to say this?